A Philosophy of Service
"I've never done a real estate deal for a client with money in mind."

Stan Huff and FamilyThoughtful, understanding, and honest; qualities that seem to not have the same weight and measure as they once did. They should not just be buzz words in the real estate market, but a credo for all real estate professionals. These qualities have been the solid foundation that Stan Huff has built his career upon as a Charleston area Realtor for the past 10 years.  His many recommendations and referrals from previous clients attest to his fine character.

Having been involved in real estate as a buyer, seller and professional agent, Stan understands the complexity of decisions involved in a real estate transaction.  Real estate it is not about buying a house, but buying a home. With so many factors to consider that effect your family and lifestyle, it is the utmost importance to Stan that you find the perfect home for YOU.






A South Carolina Native
“I love showing the Charleston area to someone new.”

Stan Huff with sons 

Stan has had a strong kinship to the Lowcountry since he was a child and would often visit family in the area.  It was an easy choice to relocate to Mount Pleasant over 20 years ago and now, he can’t imagine raising a family elsewhere.  Along with many Mount Pleasant residents, Stan and his wife, Kym, enjoy the acclaimed school systems coupled with the safe, secure neighborhoods that comprise Mount Pleasant. Stan’s three children enjoy the area’s many recreational activities including cheerleading, musical outlets, and Boy Scout programs.  

Fishing & Boating Favorite Charleston Pasttimes

This South Carolinian community is also known for its numerous water related entertainment opportunities. Beautiful beaches, boating escapes and pristine water views make the Lowcountry an ideal area for a relaxed lifestyle for both young and old. As Stan likes to say “I guess I have sand in my shoes. My family and I love the beach lifestyle and enjoy time on our boat. It is a wonderful experience to see the history of Charleston from water perspective.”

With so much to do for all ages and lifestyles, it’s no wonder Money Magazine named Mount Pleasant one of the top 100 best small American cities to live in the entire country.









Understanding Real Estate from the Seller and Buyer's Perspective
“Buying or selling a house can be stressful and sometimes complicated. My goal is to alleviate the stress by educating you where needed and guiding you through the realities of the market.”

Before entering the real estate business in 1999, Stan was an active homeowner himself. Stan has had an attraction to the industry for many years and owned several homes throughout South Carolina which has granted him a unique perspective throughout his career. This perspective allows the ability to relate to his customers on a personal level; an ability that helps him to participate in the whole process and understand the points of view of both the buyer and the seller.

Stan is aware that the business of buying or selling a home can be stressful for some, a stress he aims to eliminate for his clients. By remaining patient in trying situations and being a tough, yet honest, negotiator, Stan’s method for achieving the most for his clients alleviates the unwanted anxiety of real estate transactions.

Whether it’s a first time buyer in need of counsel from a trained Realtor or a seller needing cutting edge marketing skills for his or her property; Stan Huff’s decade of experience and lifetime of caring is just the combination for a successful sale.





Awards and Accolades
"I've completed several transactions with Stan including a purchase, a very complex lot buy and build transaction, several rental transactions and a sell. Stan is always responsive and goes the extra mile to make any experience as smooth as possible. He consistently exceeds expectations, has superior business acumen, and maintains the highest ethical standards conceivable."               - Greg S.

Stan Huff Charleston Real Estate

Stan has been recognized as a “Realtor of Distinction” and has qualified and participated in the “East Cooper Top Producers Club” every year he has been in business. Stan Huff is also an Accredited Buyers Agent (ABR) and the Junior COO for the Agent Owned Preferred Group. 

Stan's awards and achievements have made him a principal personality on the Charleston real estate scene area, mentoring new agents in their own journeys in this engaging industry. 

The blend of experience and integrity have propelled Stan into becoming a leading guide for scores of new residents to the area, helping many realize their dreams of owning a piece of South Carolina for themselves.