Award-winning, Charleston, SC real estate agent guides both buyers and sellers in the Charleston, Mount Pleasant, Isle of Palms, Summerville and surrounding areas of the Lowcountry real estate market.  Stan Huff is an experienced relocation specialist, expert on Charleston homes for sale and  skilled listing agent.

“I’ve worked with clients from all over the United States. They all say they heard about the Lowcountry from someone they know.  Once they visit, the charm and beauty of the Charleston area makes them want to live here forever. How many places can you say that about? Come on and let me show you.” - Stan Huff

{{element[charleston_listings=1]}}

“Not only did we gain a great agent, we gained a friend.”
This phrase has been repeated many times by clients of Charleston, SC real estate agent, Stan Huff. Stan’s fine reputation and glowing recommendations follow his philosophy of meeting each client’s unique real estate needs with the honesty, care and guidance of a friend. Whether it’s a first time buyer in need of counsel from a trained Realtor or a seller needing cutting edge marketing skills for his or her property, Stan Huff’s decade of experience and lifetime of caring is just the combination for a successful sale.

Stan Huff has been recognized as a “Realtor of Distinction” and has qualified and participated in the “East Cooper Top Producers Club” every year he has been in business. Stan is also an Accredited Buyers Agent (ABR) and the Junior COO for the Agent Owned Preferred Group.

Stan's awards and achievements have made him a principal personality on the Charleston real estate scene area, mentoring new agents in their own journeys in this engaging industry. The blend of experience and integrity has propelled Stan into becoming a leading guide for scores of new residents to the area and helping many realize their dreams of owning a piece of South Carolina for themselves.

Stan welcomes you to call for a consultation, area information and strategic, experienced advice on homes for sale in Charleston.