Stan Huff has received a 5 Star Rating on Zillow.com for his local area knowledge, market expertise and overall client satisifaction.  
 

"When our family was ready for a new house, Stan not only took the time to study and learn our personal living requirements and lifestyle, he found the best location for us and the most cost-effective solutions. He was able to interpret and produce on our physical and financial requirements through listening, creative thinking and hard work." - MP Grayson

 

"I've been with Stan since 2003 and have completed several transactions with him including a purchase, a very complex lot buy and build transaction, several rental transactions, and a sell. Stan is always responsive and goes the extra mile to make any experience as smooth as possible. He consistently exceeds expectations, has superior business acumen, and maintains the highest ethical standards conceivable. Unlike a lot of agents, it is very easy to communicate with Stan no matter the time of day and you can tell quickly he is a true real estate professional. I have recommended Stan many times and he has never disappointed either me or the associates I've introduced him to." - Greg

 

"We have bought or sold 4 houses and I would say that Stan was one of the best agents that I have dealt with. Stan was our agent buying a house and represented us in the sale of a house. Stan understands the significance of a purchase or sale of a house and works hard to educate you of the process as well as give his guidance based on the realities of the market. Not only was Stan a professional and market savvy, he truly cares! Not only did we have a great agent, we gained a friend. It today's environment where so many people are artificial and only care about the $, Stan cares about you and your family and works hard to maximize your interest. I would have absolutely no reservations recommending Stan." - James and Gartha

 

"In the 10 years or more that we have known Stan we would describe him both professionally and personally as having these qualities: Experience, Fair, Consistent, Honest, Good Listener, People Oriented, Empathetic, Keeps up with the Market, Keeps a consistent record in Changing Economies, Shows Intelligence & yet is "down to earth", has a great Work Ethic, Shows Confidence & Patience, Looks out for "YOUR" best interest, and not afraid at all to "step out of the box" to make a transaction close - He cares that much. He works well with other professionals that he needs to in order to accomplish the desired goals of the client/clients. He's an agent who not only lists homes but sells them. He treats everyone as a "Friend" and works side by side to meet the needs of individuals/couples in their buying/listing needs. Choosing "Stan" as your agent will definitely be one of the greatest decisions you'll ever make - it sure was for us." - Jessie and Sam
 
 
 
"Stan assisted us with the quick sale of a lot we owned and wished to sell just one year after we purchased it. He marketed the property in such a way that we were under contract in 2 weeks and even made a profit. He exceeded our expectations." - Kara and Neil